Snowbots UI (#404)
UBC-Snowbots/Snowflake: src/snowbots_ui/README.md

## Snowbots_UI

> This is a UI package built for the UBC Snowbot Team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a UI package built for the UBC Snowbots Team
```

![alt text](https://github.com/adamsnguyen/Snowflake/blob/master/src/snowbots_ui/resources/demo.png)

## Installation
### Install qt build for ROS Melodic.
```bash
sudo apt-get install ros-melodic-qt-build
```

# Run GUI
### First run a rosmaster
```bash
roscore
```

> ### Open another terminal, source your bashrc file and RUN GUI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Open another terminal, source your setup.bash file and RUN GUI
```
